README.md, before:

# `sc-gen`

> System call number generator

## Usage

```
$ docker run -it japaric/aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu:v0.1.4

# Within the docker image
$ sc-gen aarch64-linux-gnu
/* Automatically generated by sc-gen 0.1.0 */

// pub const _LLSEEK: usize = __NR__llseek;
// pub const _NEWSELECT: usize = __NR__newselect;
// pub const _SYSCTL: usize = __NR__sysctl;
pub const ACCEPT: usize = 202;
pub const ACCEPT4: usize = 242;
// pub const ACCESS: usize = __NR_access;
pub const ACCT: usize = 89;
pub const ADD_KEY: usize = 217;
(..)
```

## License

Licensed under either of

- Apache License, Version 2.0 ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
- MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be
dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.

Commit message:

DEPRECATED in favor of the python tool in the syscall.rs repository

README.md, after:

# Status

This tool has been **DEPRECATED** in favor of the python tool that lives in the
[syscall.rs] repository.

[syscall.rs]: https://github.com/japaric/syscall.rs/blob/c3d0176105ba03498e26a4c9863611415c956f7e/tools/nr_from_src.py

-- @japaric, 2017-04-01

---

# `sc-gen`

> System call number generator

## Usage

```
$ docker run -it japaric/aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu:v0.1.4

# Within the docker image
$ sc-gen aarch64-linux-gnu
/* Automatically generated by sc-gen 0.1.0 */

// pub const _LLSEEK: usize = __NR__llseek;
// pub const _NEWSELECT: usize = __NR__newselect;
// pub const _SYSCTL: usize = __NR__sysctl;
pub const ACCEPT: usize = 202;
pub const ACCEPT4: usize = 242;
// pub const ACCESS: usize = __NR_access;
pub const ACCT: usize = 89;
pub const ADD_KEY: usize = 217;
(..)
```

## License

Licensed under either of

- Apache License, Version 2.0 ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or
  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
- MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be
dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.
